# HackRunner-2DGAME
(2D game with c# and unity)

 Detailed Story:
Jack Marcano, a famous wealthy businessman that works in the robotics field. Wants to frame his finance manager for stealing diamonds from his safe in his office that are worth 5 million USD. Alex was successfully framed and was imprisoned for the crime he made because he cannot pay their worth. The main objective of Marcano was to gain the insurance money for the diamond that were supposedly stolen from his office, while he was hiding most of the diamonds in his desk, but not the safe. Marcano framed Alex by making one of his guards put a small number of diamonds in Alex’s car in the employee’s break to make him look guilty of stealing all Marcano’s diamonds. After that, Marcano filed that his diamonds were missing from his safe. The police started investigating the case with the employees and then they found some of the diamonds in Alex’s car. Alex was then imprisoned and Marcano gained his insurance money, and still has most of his diamonds kept in his desk while the police know nothing about it. Moreover, Tommy, Alex’s brother, wanted to gain vengeance for his brother. He wanted to take his brother’s revenge himself. So, he decided to go on a mission to Marcano’s company with one objective. Tommy’s main objective was to reframe Marcano for what he did to his brother and prove to the police that Marcano is a dirty businessman that have done a lot of dirty business before, and mainly to prove him guilty of framing Alex, his finance department manager. Before Tommy went on that mission. Leonard, Tommy’s best friend, kept on trying to convince Tommy that he does not need to do this, and that it is very dangerous for him. But Tommy was not convinced and was still persistent for his opinion and point of view that make him take a final decision which was to start training for what he may encounter on that mission. Tommy studied hacking before. He started training his hacking skills because he decided that he does not want to hurt anyone that has nothing to do with framing his brother. Tommy wanted to go there without shedding a single point of blood, so he decided to go there using his stealth strategies that he started training for. While Tommy was training, he received a call from Leonard, his best friend, that Leonard stated to him that he will join Tommy on his mission because he can’t leave his best friend on his own. Tommy refused Leonard’s offer, but Leonard was persistent about his choice. Tommy started investigating Marcano’s Company, he thought that the mission would be hard to go for on his own. He found out that the help of Leonard on his own could not be enough. Tommy decided to start searching for someone to help him from outside Marcano’s company premises. He called someone that he knew a long time ago to help him with the hacking difficulties that he might face inside Marcano’s company. Raze, a professional hacker that Tommy knew a long time ago, accepted Tommy’s offer, but he was certain that he wanted to get paid. Tommy accepted Raze’s condition and was finally ready to go on his mission. Tommy started making research on Marcano and found something that made him certain about something. Tommy found a guard that was with Marcano in all events. Tommy assumed that this guard is responsible for all Marcano’s dirty businesses and that he is Marcano’s main assistant. On a cold night Tommy decided to go on his mission. Tommy and Leonard are now inside Marcano’s company. They started hacking into the cameras so that they don’t get caught. Tommy and Leonard will face enemies that they will just knock them out, but not kill them. Then, they will start searching for anything that would lead them to Marcano’s office. After knocking several guards down, Tommy decided to pick up the Tazer gun from a downed enemy to make knocking out the guards easier. They found a robot project that they thought that hacking into it would make it helpful for them. Tommy and Leonard successfully hacked the robot on their side. Later, Tommy and Leonard started hacking the security computer that had a map for Marcano’s company included. Tommy now knew were Marcano’s office would be and started heading to it. On his way heading to Marcano’s office, Tommy found the guy that was with Marcano everywhere. He could tell that his name is Jordan from the blip on his vest. Tommy and Leonard started hiding from him for now and went to the elevator that would make them go direct to Marcano’s office. They went on to Marcano’s office to hack his computer to get all his details. After hacking Marcano’s computer and his safe, Tommy and Leonard finally found the files that can make Marcano imprisoned for his actions. They met Jordan, Marcano’s head of security in Marcano’s office. A fierce boss fight started between them. After Tommy and Leonard beaten Jordan, the security alarms went on. Tommy and Leonard started running from Marcano’s guards until they reached a safe area. Tommy had a decision to make. Whether to submit the files to the police by himself and get imprisoned for his illegal actions. Or make Leonard go with the files to the Police. The story could end in two ways. The first ending is that Marcano will be imprisoned for his dirty actions, and also Tommy will be imprisoned for the crimes that he has done trying to frame Marcano, and Alex will be set free, and all of his charges will drop. The second ending is that Tommy will give Leonard the files and make him submit them to the police, and by this way the cops cannot do anything to Leonard and Tommy will not be imprisoned.

